Welcome to Java Developer Nanodegree program.
Hi, my name is Neha Garg,
and I'm a Product Lead here at Udacity.
I have worked with a great team of industry experts and
curriculum designers to put this Nanodegree program together,
and I'm very excited to have you join us.
Java has been one of
the most popular programming languages in the world for over 20 years.
Ninety percent of the Fortune 500 companies rely on Java for their back-end architecture.
Many products you use daily from Uber,
Netflix, LinkedIn, are all running on Java.
In this program, you'll learn to build, test,
and deploy back-end infrastructure for various apps using Java.
You'll be able to share these real-world projects with
current or prospective employers to demonstrate
mastery of the skills that are in high demand at all companies.
You'll work on variety of products such as a chatroom application with Spring Boot,
a back-end system for a car website,
and an authorization for an E-commerce application.
You'll learn from instructors who have
extensive experience building large-scale back-end infrastructure
in companies such as Google, Netflix, and Walmart.
As a result, skills you'll learn in this program are directly
applicable to what Java developers do at the job.
Every project you submit gets reviewed,
and our project reviewers will provide you
personalized feedback on how you can improve your work.
These projects will serve as a portfolio you can use to demonstrate your skills.
After you complete the program,
you'll be ready for a Java developer role
or bring these crucial skills to your current role.
We are excited and honored that you are taking this step in your journey with us.